lipsticks to me so far
hi guys survival in the world here I'm
gonna show you while a review of the
actually see it
this won't look like when you first get
it and you might think oh where's the
straps this is the back of it anyway see
there's like a little compartment here
for one strap and seen the other side
for the other strap and there's your
straps it's nicely done nicely are
threaded but if I can show you this
they're read on that brilliantly
threaded see that black overlapping
thread and they all come together we
have a plastic clip clip battle and you
see these right here clips you can use
these for rope like to clip the rope to
your sheath anything really but you can
use all see she's everything so that's
the strap and this is the front of pack
as you can see these car also a plastic
clip buckles and you can just clip them
I don't wait unnecessarily so okay that
stuff front and this is the front you
have these like like storage kind of
things so you can have your torch
lighters knives and with these like
straps if you have a like a long sheath
longer about hoop on your sheath you can
thread the through and clip them and
yeah going on to like the back and you
have diese snaps snap button push wings
so it seemed again if you have a long
sheath belt hoop
you can also read them through clip them
on and seamless front has he's like
little courier things pull weapon or
touch and you can put your torch
lighters etc and pretty good and this is
a honestly a brilliant pack I go in
further into the pack we have these side
pouches and same again same as front and
back you've got these like little
carrier of things on the side we have a
pocket fairly deep it's a 5 liter pack
uses a fairly deep
and seeing the upside and you've got
these heavy-duty zips maybe duty with a
little paracord and a little tuck let's
not pack on it and now you've got all
right
and same again heavy-duty zips like that
sorry about that guys leaving
let's go into further on the pack this
is inside the pack main compartment got
a nice bit of web-like web I'm gonna so
in there very heavy-duty very strong and
you've got to pretty much compartments
like you saw your resources or food and
one connection and yeah really
so I can go more in detail with this
poster comment in there in the dish in
the comment section if you liked it then
like it if you want to see more videos
like this and subscribe I am this is 5
on the wild I'm and goodbye